Some changes here and there (#69)
PolyMC/polymc.github.io: src/wiki/development/development-builds.md

  order: 1
---
# Development Builds

> Please understand that **these builds are not intended for most users**. There may bugs, and other instabilities. You have been warned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please understand that **these builds are not intended for most users**. There may be bugs, and other instabilities. You have been warned.
```

Author: thanks for catching that one

There are per-commit development builds available [here](https://github.com/PolyMC/PolyMC/actions). Debug information is present within the binaries, making their file sizes larger than otherwise normal.

> Portable dev-builds are, as of now, only provided for Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Portable dev-builds are provided for Windows and Linux, while there's also a binary Linux tarball, an appimage and a MacOS .app
```

Reviewer: @Regular-Baf apply that

Author: for some reason it won't let me, the commit button is greyed out.
I'll type it in

> Portable dev-builds are provided for Windows, macOS, and AppImage (Linux).

Reviewer: Actually, Linux portable builds are back

Reviewer: Also MacOS is *not* portable, nor is AppImags

Author: I was just going off of what was there before. Are you sure about AppImage though, I thought being portable was the point of them?

Reviewer: AppImage is not portable since it saves data in home directories

Author: I'll clean that one up then, thank you
